Phil Jackson had a chance to you know
read through his Memoir and obviously
that was written which one the last
season uh that was written preceding you
know him returning to the Lakers but I
mean at one point he apparently you know
says to the then Lakers GM look if
Kobe's back next year I'm not coming
back obviously the relationship's since
been repaired but when it was kind of
fractured
the most what were the factors you think
were responsible for that I think the
the the the the most challenging things
that he for him in dealing with our
group he had a couple and and one of
them being the dynamic between myself
and shill and you know him having to
deal with that relationship and um you
know kind of keeping me you know at Arms
distance so that in turn he can bring
him closer to Shaq and then the other
thing he's dealing with a young horse
race horse that wanted to get to an
elite level as an individual player and
establish himself in the league so he
had to deal with those you know with
that Balancing Act and um and you know
we both were extremely St all three of
us you know Phil's extremely stubborn so
with Shaq so am I so you know it was
very very difficult for him to find that
balance and I think he became frustrated
because he couldn't figure out a way to
really reach me and um why you think
that was well because I told him said
Phil if you want me to do something just
tell me you don't have to go around the
corner drive around the block and then
kind of circle back around to your point
and then kind of slide it in just tell
me just tell me what it is you want me
to do and he kind of I think that was a
little different for him he's not a guy
that really likes confrontation M uh he
kind of like subtle subtly slipping
messages in there where uh for me it was
just like just tell me what it is you
want don't insult my intelligence by
trying
to back door in there I'm starting to
smile because I was shocked in his book
he said he was like seeing a therapist
to talk about you know just how to deal
with that sort of Team Dynamic I mean I
was just like just tell me how do you go
about rebuilding a relationship like
that especially one that then goes on to
have that much more success well you
don't carry baggage with you you know
you have to you have to drop it and let
it Let It Go and move on and once you
decide to come back and he called me and
you know we spoke we didn't have to
address any of the issues we we're both
of the same belief that you move on from
the past and you know once you make the
decision to move
forward that's exactly what you're doing
is moving forward not addressing the
past for more clips from this interview
visit Graham Bens singer.com
[Music]